#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass report
\options amsthm,seceqn,secthm
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding latin9
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 2
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine natbib_authoryear
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 2
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Future Research
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:Future-Research"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The algorithms in this thesis give fast procedures for efficiently computing
 order bases and nullspace bases.
  However a number of problems remain to be solved.
 In particular, the efficient computation of order basis with a general
 unbalanced shift remains an open problem.
 In addition, order bases are closely related to many other problems in
 polynomial matrix computation, for example nullspace basis and matrix normal
 forms.
 We are interested in seeing how our tools can be used to solve these problems
 more efficiently.
 Our work assumes that we are working with polynomials and power series
 represented in standard bases.
 We would like to obtain efficient methods for computation of order bases
 represented in arbitrary bases, particularly those associated to interpolation
 bases.
 Finally, the constructions used in this paper assume exact arithmetic where
 coefficient growth is not an issue.
 We are interested in determining how our tools can be used with methods
 such as fraction-free or modular construction of order bases, particularly
 combining the constructions found in 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "BL2000"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
